# Mentorship System: Sync Up Session

## [June 19th 2021](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ljIlB8g9Tn4zqdcEC67YoyXxy3cKGcvsDtPDDtiZKSU/edit#heading=h.iamt1ad1xdh5)

### Summary
* Reviewed milestones on the backend 
* Discussed putting session summaries on the documentation repo. 
Conclusion: issue created on GitHub for the same and @gaurivn will create the markdown file
* Fixed Docusaurus SSH keys configuration for BIT backend

### Action Items
* @gaurivn: work on adding session summaries to documentation repo
* @vj-codes : create mockups for next meeting of new navigation


## [June 12th 2021](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ljIlB8g9Tn4zqdcEC67YoyXxy3cKGcvsDtPDDtiZKSU/edit#heading=h.626zu9z2lziv)

### Summary
* Discussed GitHub Actions running at least 1 test EVEN if you have to comment the failing ones - Aditya will add test to jetpack compose issue.
* Discussed the design by Vaishnavi that she talked with Anna at Design team.
* Discussed current action items (below) and PRs ([#1077](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-backend/pull/1077)).

### Action Items
- @vj-codes: create mockups for next meeting of new navigation.
- @devkapilbansal: create Milestone on Android.
- @gaurivn:  look up feature docs Doc1, Doc2, and create issues for Backend items not yet in issues, and add them to milestone if they are part of MVP we agreed on. Assess issues that are created or missing, to add to Backend Milestone.


## [June 5th 2021](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ljIlB8g9Tn4zqdcEC67YoyXxy3cKGcvsDtPDDtiZKSU/edit#heading=h.mp88wpmoouvf)

### Summary
* Discussed Priority items such as merging the coroutines PR, setting up GitHub Actions to run tests for mentorship-android
* Discussed new design for mentorship system ([Vaishnavi's figma](https://www.figma.com/file/orbaQKnXDEIErUzkWbooqC/android?node-id=0%3A1)) - Bottom navigation + 3 dots in the toolbar / Getting rid of bottom navigation vs hamburger menu / Swipe out to refresh and get rid of button of refresh
* Changes to merging process

### Action Items
* couple items in the meeting minutes :)


